Welcome to Bacteria Simulator!

Before starting:
- create at least one new species of bacteria by pressing the "Create Species" button.
- create at least one new type of food by pressing the "Create food" button.
- set the distribution strategy for foods.

Creation of species:
during the creation of the species you will have to choose between different behaviors that the species can assume and set the name of the species.

Creation of food:
during the creation of food you will have to set the name of the type of food and add the nutrients of the food by setting their quantity.

Set Distribution:
Set the distribution strategy by choosing it from the multiple choice box and then press the button "Set Distribution" to confirm.
If you do not choose anything the distribution will be uniform. You can change the distribution until the button "Start" is pressed.

The legend on the right allows you to choose the colors that will represent foods and bacteria.

Once you have created at least one species and a food, you can start the simulation by pressing the "Start" button.
During the simulation you can add food manually by choosing it from the list of existing foods and clicking on the simulation area where you want to add food. 
Food will also be added following the chosen distribution at each turn, furthermore during the simulation dead bacteria will transform in food "Unnamed food", 
this types of food has by default black color.

After the simulation you can view the analysis of the species and compare their fitness in the environment.


What the buttons do?
"Set Distribution": Set the distribution strategy chosen in the multiple choice box.
"Create food": Create a new type of food.
"Create Species": Create a new type of species.
"Reset": Reset the simulation.
"Start": Start the simulation.
"Pause": Pause the simulation.
"Stop": Stop the simulation.

What's on the file menu?
"Load Simulation": Allows to load a previously saved simulation.
"Save Simulation": Allows to save the initial state (Species and Food created) of your simulation.
"Load Replay": Allows to load a previously saved replay.
"Save Replay": Allows to save the replay of the entire simulation.


Authors: 
Barbaro Simone
Mengozzi Federico
Semprini Gloria
Ziani Andrea